Addressing Multiple Issues in PGF and GM Guide (#153)
DeckofAdventures/TheGame: docs/src/1_Mechanics/02_GMGuide.md

represent different groups in combat. If you only have one deck available,
split it into two 26-card decks and shuffle regularly. 

One deck of cards should be designated the *NPC Deck* and one designated the *World
Deck*. Different color card backs will help distinguish the two throughout play. The

> NPC Deck is used to draw Target Cards for NPCs, for their Actions, and when applying negative [Status Conditions](./01_PlayerGuide_Full.md#status-conditions). The World Deck is used to make social checks, and to draw Target Cards representing items and objects in the world. Before each Combat, reshuffle the NPC Deck. You reshuffle the World Deck

Reviewer: Suggestions limited to where you've made edits. I'd rephrase here as 
```
The World Deck is used to make social checks, and to draw Target Cards representing 
items and objects in the world. Reshuffle the NPC deck before each Combat. Reshuffle 
the World Deck when empty.
```

Author: Updated with your suggestions.

4. Arm wrestle: Brute vs. Brute
5. Impersonation: Initiator Performance vs. Target Detection or (if suspecting) Ingestigation

### Saves

> Saves occur when a character is attempting to resist or shrug off a negative effect(see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saves occur when a character is attempting to resist or shrug off a negative effect (see
```

> [Full Player Guide](./01_PlayerGuide_Full.md#saves) for more info). Certain Powers,
> events, or encounters may force a character to make a Save. 
> 
> When calling for a Save, the GM chooses the Attribute that is most relevant to the
> effect forcing the Save. A character cannot choose to use a different Attribute when
> making a Save. 
> 
> When making a Save, characters draw against their own TC. This means that a Save will
> never be a Critical Success. The GM can choose to add an additional effect to a Save
> for a Major Success. 
> 
> Saves may have multiple effects depending on whether a character succeeds or fails. For
> example, a Power may force a character to make an Agility save to avoid being trapped
> in entangling vines. On a failed Save, the character is Entangled. On a successful
> Save, the character avoids the vines and is not Entangled. Other Powers might do 2
> damage on a failed save, or cause half damage (1) on a successful Save. Refer to the
> specific wording of the Power to determine the effect. 
> 
> Sometimes, environmental effects may force a character to make a Save. In these cases,
> the GM determines the DR and the relevant Attribute. If an effect would cause a
> character to attempt to resist it to avoid damage or a Status Condition, that character
> should make a Save.

Reviewer: 1. I'd avoid repeating across what's here and in the full
2. Why specify 'half' of 2? Why not say 1?

```suggestion
[Full Player Guide](./01_PlayerGuide_Full.md#saves)).

When calling for a Save, choose the Attribute that is most relevant to the
initiating effect. A character cannot choose to use a different Attribute.  
Because characters draw against their own TC, Saves will
never be a Critical Success. You GM can choose to add an additional effect to
a Major Success. 

While all Saves will have effects for failure, some may sill have effects on for success,
such as half damage. Refer to the
specific wording of the initiating effect. 
If an environmental effects initiates a Save, you determine the DR and Attribute as the GM.
If an effect would cause a
character to attempt to resist it to avoid damage or a Status Condition, that character
should make a Save.
```

Author: I updated the text to your suggested copy listed above @CBroz1. 

I had originally wanted to specify 'half' since that will be a common theme in Saves of 'take X damage on a failure or half on a success' but that isn't as important when discussing the high level effects of Saves overall so I'm OK removing that.

| Consumable Name        | Cost  | Effect                                                                                    | Duration |
| ---------------------- | ----- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Potion of Healing      | 5 gp  | Regain 1 HP immediately                                                                   |          |

> | Potion of Water Breath | 10 gp | You are immune to the Suffocating Status Condition while underwater                       | 1 hour   |

Reviewer: to demonstrate the difference between holding and immunity
```suggestion
| Potion of Water Breath | 10 gp | You are immune to the Suffocating Status Condition                       | 1 hour   |
| Potion of Extended Breath | 5 gp | Your ability to hold your breath is extended by 60 minutes                       | 1 hour   |
```
